OADP-3184: [Doc improvements] - OADP backing up & OADP restoring (#69221)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-creating-restore-cr.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> In the course of the restore process, the OADP Velero plug-ins scale down the `DeploymentConfig` objects and restore the pods as standalone pods. This is done to prevent the cluster from deleting the restored `DeploymentConfig` pods immediately on restore and to allow Restic and post-restore hooks to complete their actions on the restored pods. The cleanup script removes these disconnected pods and scale any `DeploymentConfig` objects back up to the appropriate number of replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the restore process, the OADP Velero plug-ins scale down the `DeploymentConfig` objects and restore the pods as standalone pods. This is done to prevent the cluster from deleting the restored `DeploymentConfig` pods immediately on restore and to allow Restic and post-restore hooks to complete their actions on the restored pods. The cleanup script shown in the following example removes these disconnected pods and scales any `DeploymentConfig` objects back up to the appropriate number of replicas.
```
